Add New Instructions for Using brew update-reset to CLI Docs (#1635)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/install-cli.md

```sh
brew install astro
```

> If the latest version of the Astro CLI is not installed when you run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the latest version of the Astro CLI is not installed when you run this command:
```

> 1. Run one of the following commands to update all package definitions (formulae) and Homebrew:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to update all package definitions (formulae) and Homebrew:
```
